























it works when i build only `todo`

i have another error

finalising the pull request turned out to be more interesting than i
expected

there is learn and refine, this time it makes more sense. yeah in the data this is massive, i'm just not sure about refine being the shortest link here

i liked surfacing potential productivity with the upwork data, i'll
look for more

no effect. such lack of effect that it feels like void, thumbleweed,
and it's funny ... but i was productive, so i want to go on with
this. it worked in a few days and while doing other things, and it had
the potential to be useful for someone. this matters to me

so it's done, it's published. earlier than i could myself expect. this
embodies a series of principles. let's see how it'll go

a lot of things i could do, but chasing the shortest link

% add categories to the job profile and the exported data
      "op_job_category_v2" : {
         "op_job_category_v" : {
            "name" : "Scripts & Utilities",
            "groups" : {
               "group" : {
                  "name" : "Web, Mobile & Software Dev",
                  "uid" : "531770282580668418"
               }
            }
         }
      },
      "op_pref_hourly_rate_max" : "",
      "buyer" : {

interferences from the closed branch

i think that people would be interested in skills and categories

i don't feel like it's going to make me productive. branching back

it's giving me a flow of emotions

got interruption by something else ... branching

it's not flow, but it's direction ... and seeding. not as intentional
as anchoring. it's a sweet spot in some sense but not yet in all
senses ... it feels productive

extend to everybody

is it a sweet spot?

yeah! the missing link is getting very short!

tool level strategy shift, maybe opwer-analyses was already there

in preparation to today i had the idea of applying microdevelopment to
my vision







and now i like a public space better, but i can look for the space suited to the task

i found it back while asking what did it mean to me to be productive today. when did i lose it? i think when i started studying Hofstadter's book. that effort drained up all other efforts

after relaxing, suddently i remember my ambitious goal, and that gives direction to the whole productivity effort which seemed to be in a stall. avevo perso di vista la mia visione e ciò mi rendeva meno efficace, privo di direzione



what does it mean to be productive today? how to be, what's the best
option i have in order to be

for some reason i feel like 'chore' should be an important category in
the productivity sprint
