

fran.codes
minimal.codes
sharing.codes
open.codes
with.codes
write.codes
nice.codes
sisco.works
sis.codes
infra.works
reactive.vision
reactive.productions
franco.works
essence.software
minimal.software
minimal.systems
minimal.works
minimal.productions
house.works
house.productions
house.vision
sharing.systems
social.software
social.solutions



ci riuniamo intorno ad elementi che sono software
mettiamo la nostra esperienza in un prodotto
è come il nuostro fuoco di conoscenza
la nostra storia il nostro materiale
il modo in cui codifichiamo che è anche eseguibile automaticamente
ma non ha senso se non rientra in un sistema di cultura
una maniera di tramandare
a vari livelli di astrazione
come una pagina di letteratura o di wikipedia
tradurre non disperde
si descrive, rappresenta
la conoscenza viva nelle persone
che viene tramandata.
Se venisse persa molti di questi artefatti avrebbero un valore diverso
archeologico
questo ci da
una maniera diversa di guardare al codice che mi è più simpatica
perchè è diverso il livello di possesso
grazie al fatto che vada tramandato
deve far parte di una tradizione ed evolvere con essa
restare collegato con essa
deve avere dei punti contatto con l'esterno
anche quando parliamo di software che è proprietario
la parte che è privata
non appartiene solo alle aziende ma alle persone che ne fanno parte
ed hanno un ruolo politico
e per questo molto è già liberata
quindi capisco il piacere nel mantenere codice
come attività culturale
ed intellettuale al di là di chi se ne consideri il proprietario
anche le tattiche militari finiscono per essere divulgate prima o poi
perchè anche esse vengono da una cultura
ed hanno la necessità di rientrare a farne parte
al di là dei supporti materiali 
e dei sistemi di codifica
e al di là del fatto che gli artefatti possano essere posseduti
non solo materialmente ma moralmente come proprietà intellettuale
tutto ciò non ci ferma dall'essere in contatto gli uni con gli altri
attraverso una cultura che comunque deve essere parzialmente permeabile
poi ci sono dinamiche di privilegio ma anche di interesse
un privilegio immateriale che come la ricerca non rientra nell'utilitarismo
un privilegio replicabile
la cultura è un privilegio sociale che non si può controllare
se ne può solo far parte
ne si può impedire che venga replicato
non si può impedire che il privilegio derivante dalla cultura sia distribuito
altrimenti si riduce il piacere
quando c'è il piacere di apprendere qualcosa
tutto è differente
si entra in un mondo differente con regole differenti
anche per sè stessi
anche per quello che si fa, come lo si fa, le ragioni
le possibilità di continuare a farlo
farne più, farne meno
è un mondo differente



http://hackage.haskell.org/package/astro-0.4.2.1/docs/Data-Astro-Moon.html
moonPhase j2010MoonDetails :: Data.Astro.Time.JulianDate.JulianDate -> Double
Prelude Data.Astro.Moon Data.Astro.Moon.MoonDetails> :t moonPhase j2010MoonDetails



https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/tabs/moveInSuccession
browser.tabs.moveInSuccession([1, 3, 5, 7, 2, 9])
browser.tabs.moveInSuccession([6, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5])



che fare di dike? disinstallare?
è servito per firmare documenti e ricevute
potrò installarlo di nuovo quando mi serva
febbraio 2020







aiuta le donne che ami a diventare le future scrittrici
da lì verranno le parole del nostro futuro

> burn the deposit
how many fires do we need to burn the deposit?
13
okay, i added the deposit to the pyre
> burn now
how much time will you need to light 34 fires?
> two months
here is what you want to burn in the next two months:
- a room in Berlin
- the old phone contract
- the tax declaration
- the deposit

# formatted folders
.rotte
tasks.tags

all files with their tag
 sort by tag size
  if equal remove the bigger/smaller
  bigger or smaller?
 bigger:
eliminates silly tags with only one tagged
preserves similarities
 smaller:
preserves diversity

a stack data structure prioritises recent items, so that the writer is
always empowered to the maximum. this is the kind of attitude i want
the system to enable, so as a rule last items have the highest
priority.
this also enables to write with full power on different instances.
this also means that not following the list is respecting priorities.
when creating a new stack, it's useful to do so by keeping some
reference to the previous stack, even just in the name. this way they
can be followed back respecting the priorities

  short term visas for ecuador
 Visas for Non-Working Stays Up to 90 Days (Visa 12-X)
Ecuador welcomes tourists and travelers from every country. Citizens of the United States, Canada and most European countries traveling to Ecuador for tourism, business or to study do not require a visa unless they expect to stay in Ecuador for more than 90 days in one calendar year (that is, 90 days adding every entry in one year) or if they are drawing income from an Ecuadorian source.
Specific Requirements:
    Valid passport for more than 6 months.
    Return ticket (for air, land or sea travel).
    Proof of economic means to support yourself during your stay in Ecuador (may be requested by Immigration authorities upon arrival).
Nationals of the following countries require a visa to enter Ecuador for any reason and should approach the Consulate of Ecuador in their home country before traveling (list may change without notice): Algeria, Bangladesh, Costa Rica, Cuba, El Salvador, Guatemala, India, Iran, Iraq, Jordan, Lebanon, Lybia, Nicaragua, Nigeria, North Korea, Pakistan, Palestine Authority, Panama, People's Republic of China, Sri Lanka, Syria, Tunisia, and Vietnam.
Foreigners traveling on a 12-X visa may not take employment in Ecuador. Visa 12-X status cannot be changed in Ecuador.
Visas for Stays of More Than 90 Days
Foreign nationals planning to stay in Ecuador for more than 90 days need to apply for a visa and must present the following documents:
    Valid passport for more than 6 months. 

data stories with nicky case
.
stories about systems
from existing systems to simulations
complex -> simple
through the power of play
learning is not passive
it is acting on the thing you want to learn
.
explorable explanations are closer to journalism than serious games
.
plot twist
.
make something intuitive -> you can also change someone's intuition
feedback loops, bottom-up systems
before i was able to build interactive stuff for myself
playing you can be faster and deeper
you can also communicate faster and deeper with a game
.
there are already a lot of models, math and analysis about many systems
.
sandbox mode
.
better ballot was inspired by a visualisation
.
system visualisation
.
even reading is actively reconstructing what is read. rebuild using
our available experiences and understandings. a conversation is an
exploration. a dialogue is better than a monologue. game design is
applied psychology
.
expectations failure
.
act like a tour guide. linear with areas for exploration
text cannot be explored
interactive is unguided
it's a story about a system
a part of the system is presented at a time
the user understands the parts and relationships between them
sandbox at the end
start in the middle, work towards the parts, then work towards the sandbox
.
http://www.pixijs.com/
.
domain specific tools, embeddable explanations
accessible <-> domain specific
the less specific is programming
.
simulations
pick a scientific simulation
boil it down to its gist
.
  explorables
 data
 phisolophy: socratic dialogue explorable explorations
 news: decisions of a Syrian refugee
 psychology, our own stories
composition
animations, Disney's 20 principles of animation
.
