it's a word i don't like. How should i call this state of flow where i have no boundaries between activities?

it's a creative flow, and it leads me to break barriers between activities without too much consideration

it's something like undiscipline towards a goal. Discipline tells you to work when you should, that means doing some things rather than others. Sit rather than stand, write rather than talk, go on Jira rather than Facebook.

other times discipline tells you the opposite. stand rather than sit, talk rather than write, go on Facebook rather than on Jira. Some activities are considered more acceptable because they seem more directly related to the work or goal at hand.

but sometimes i manage to get into this state of creative flow, and then many barriers fall. Then i use all the media, involve all the people, make all the changes, ignore all the rules that sit between me and my goal.

the goal is not rational, i'm driven by my inspiration, curiosity, interest, and i enjoy what i do across all sides of a barrier.

it feels like expanding, but somehow there is a direction, even though it might change often.

the result is creative, in the sense that at the end of the flow i end up with something that has been created, often surprising my own expectations.

breaking a barrier, a shell, is creative in itself. But beyond that i also end up with some artifacts or some useful outcomes of my actions.

the whole is very oblique. the results i get are not always the goals that motivated me in the first place.

a driving force during the whole process is pleasure. It might have different themes, but it's a guide for me through every barrier that is crossed.

well i still don't have a name, but wrote a lot of interesting stuff while looking for it.

i could call it floating.

in this status, barriers are for me discomfort, while normally i would consider them as acceptable constraints. Also the discomfort is acceptable, but i like to follow the path of comfort

i could call it lifting, as it's about lifting constraints. Both
lifting and floating connect well with the Rotterdam idea

creative status, flow or simply development, the part involving the self
