


































we are afraid of the troubles we will encounter in distant places

nomading home it's been a losing game

now using my camping gear as a last resort


i'm not a tourist, i'm not trying to settle here, i don't want to own a car

my home town is excluding people like me

i need my own town, for a number of reasons




nomading in your own city can be the toughest









this year coming back to my home town for christmas i tried an experiment. rather than falling back to kid mode in my parent's home i approached my home town in a nomadic way. as there is no tourism most infrastructures are missing, so i find myself explaining about the nomadic lifestyle and its needs. it's been demanding but a learning experience. i felt at times exhausted and frustrated and at times energised and happy to keep living the way i like








it's been exhausting, time-consuming and expensive

achievement unlocked

homeless christmas

i'm about to give up. this place is just too inhospitable




the money i'll spend in the local hostel and the effort i make to find my comfort in such an inhospitable environment, that's going to be my christmas present, as i don't have a car to bring me to the local malls for the usual supply of useless throw-away gifts




my relatives and childhood friends have been following my travels from social media and they now think i'm some kind of privileged rich bastard, it's time to show them how odd this lifestyle actually is, and how does it feels to be a foreigner and be outside of most cultural status symbols. it's time to show how freedom from prejudices starts from your own backyard




differently from the standard expectation here around, i haven't got a christmas tree nor a car nor a warm and fuzzy home where to host the celebrations, but i've got my traveling skills and lifestyle and i'm not available to give it away for a Coca-Cola shaped consumerist celebration




i don't want to find myself in my childhood room again






didn't want to adapt my lifestyle to theirs and feel uncomfortable.

the beginning was exhalting. i wasn't stopping my adventure, i was
just extending it to different conditions, a new challenge.

i tried nomading to places similar to my town before, and i knew that
traditional nomading techniques wouldn't work ...

~ the AirBnB market is prohibitive being aimed mainly at tourists, the coworkings are not reacheable and there are no bars that are thought for digital nomads.

the same old streets where i grew up appeared to me in a completely
different light. i made new friends, travellers like me. i saw the
town from their eyes.

it's incredible how unwelcoming my own small town is.

this area is economically depressed, yet there is no way to give
somebody money in order to stay in one of the many empty houses in the
city center.

the bars are empty, yet they won't allow you to work comfortably
there. the coworking spaces seem designed for the locals, they require
a car in order to be reached and a long-term stay.

paradoxically i realise that it would be easier for me to move to a
different continent and culture rather than live comfortably in my
town. my town doesn't welcome people like me.

