























marsala
pandoc
saurabh






was it necessary for me to struggle, suffer and stagnate before this
happened? somehow i think it was. these are my negative energies
reacting so powerfully with his positive ones. moreover, that won't
stop. that's what i am and what i have to offer. our projects are
going to click with each other.








i knew that he was there, and i had an intuition about something to be
exchanged between us. he sent me signals, i worked on my
position. today he released so much energy to me, apparently
presenting all the other pieces of the puzzle.







it's funny how until now i stagnated, suffered and struggled in
ragusa, but i built a base. and now the base reacted so strongly with
the acid, releasing energy.




today i met sebastiano, and it was a sparkle, a shock. he has the
positive energy, i have the negative. he is a drummer, i am a
dancer. he is the future, i am the past.

gathering #haskell #events #service

keyboard problem
https://askubuntu.com/a/833569/457998
http://billauer.co.il/blog/2013/02/usb-reset-ehci-uhci-linux/

ideology ragusa
paesi in francia

events can be endogenic or esogenic
mixing channels
this way identity extends to all domains that are received
-> receptive strategies
since they involve feeling they seem romantic which is confusing
wandering, rooting, spacing can be seen as ways to affect the uncontrolled
planning and opting is just another way to react to imagination
symptom coherence, where feeling is a different form of understanding
expression rather than control
imperfection and openness
identity opens itself to react to events
this attitude gives me freedom to follow instinct and be open to interferences
pure reaction
lifting from the tail 
trying to project its will on the world
from control
starting from the mind
sober sad comfortable space on a sunny sunday morning at home naroma alx

John Perry Barlow

simple processes for collections: bullets, gems

 deck deque
rotate
reveal
draw
push
pop
append

i know many who would accept the personal cost
of hiding who they are to the community that grew them
which in many cases are their only personal connections to older generations

che vi appartengono completamente
vi offro una vetrina ed una maniglia
vi mostro la mia ossessione perché sia copiata
ospito lo spazio pubblico che voglio vivere

senza intermediazioni tecnologiche indesiderate
e giocare con essa
dove sono libero di lavorare sulla nostra cultura
creare uno spazio pubblico e privato
e mi piace sentirmi vicino alla gente
sono davvero comodo, e chiunque dalla strada può vedere il mio salotto

i'm online when i save the file, or when i commit
automatically pushing i'm online when i'm not

what is software design? by Jack Reeves
http://www.developerdotstar.com/mag/articles/reeves_design.html

guidelines for command line interface design http://www.cs.pomona.edu/classes/cs181f/supp/cli.html

a linked public is invited to a different theatre

listen to your public more to share more to the right publics

isolation creates direction
repetition creates dimension

technology enables us to disrupt routine, does it create a dependency?

nomad in the day
build my bubble
dive with
open

imagine a better world
find a place to make it real
communicate

nuestra cultura personal o comunitaria muda en continuo
tenemos la confianza para mudar tambien nuestra mañera de comunicar?

working on the language with the voice is more comfortable then by writing
where comfort = efficiency + enjoyment

influencers

repetition creates a dimension

bewohners = enter + stop

mastodon

growthsupply
payscale
expatistan

round robin on firefox tabs

deep usage of a tool learned when stepping away from it

ethlance

status empty
