
















in a competition, technology can be seen as something designed to win
a strategical advantage over other parties, and as such it must
involve some restriction on the access competitors have to it

for example the water mill provides to the mill owner an advantage
over owners of manual mills with all their workers

since that technology is capitalizable it ends up providing a class
advantage, but proprietary technologies could provide advantages on
the market instead. for example a proprietary mill tech could provide
advantages only to mill owners with access to it.

as such, technology is distinguished from tecniques, skills and other
tools by the restrictions to its acess. the technological part of a
water mill is not as relevant to trade and politics of our society as
it was to society when it was new.

and maybe here is the other feature of technology that distinguishes
it from other areas of human development. technology is relevant when
it's new, because that is the moment when it has the highest impact on
society, creating unbalances and strategical privileges that will push
markets and society to a different asset.

we could say that art, for example, can equally create strategical
unbalances between parties, but art has always been with us. consider
music as the art, and electronics as a technology.

the advantages art provides are not connected to restrictions to its
access. like culture, art is supposed to be learned and mastered by
anyone with enough passion and talent. technology can give us better
colors and better brushes, but we can be artists even using old
technologies, or even just rubbish.

the exclusivity of the means is not a defining feature of art as it is
of technology

11:15

paul lafargue -- "el derecho a la pereza"

----




is hacking part of technology?

study of the means

means to fulfill a human purpose - brian arthur

a technology, technologies

it's loopy because it's by many related to the development and use of
tools, but developing the tools requires other tools

so it's a loopy term that has always existed and developed hugely with
the industrial revolution

tools and the skills by which we produce and use them - read bain

technik tecnologie - thorstein veblen

useful arts

development and use of tools

neolithic revolution
