
hey folks, a few years ago...
i mean have you ever seen some hippies here in ragusa?
or what did you make of them?
there weren't concentration camps for foreigners at the time
there wasn't this surge of fascism
they were your friends, right?
they tended to stick to welcoming people
i mean i guess they had something to teach
maybe they had a clue about one thing or two, which could sound interesting

now i don't see much sign of their teachings around
McDonald has been assimilated better than the sexual revolution
and SUVs are more popular than feminism
people go to clubs just to show their outfits
the only dancers are the immigrants you exclude
so dunno ... which place did you reserve to these outsiders?
maybe they looked obscene, so you hid them into some closet
you emarginated the change like now you do with kids and immigrants
trapped even in the word that distinguishes them among the foreigners
o maybe you emarginated them behind the word "tourists", your cash cows

maybe you pidgeonholed them as communists
deluded believers in what you consider a failed faith
that's maybe why the city i came from does not welcome me back
because i don't own a car, because i don't wear a suite
because i don't buy expensive interiors, because i ignore television

on the squares of this city, expression is trapped
in a sad and dry hymn to consumerism
in a conformism totally surrended to paranoias
here is the temple of materialism and discipline
grey and boring, or empty
cheerfulness did not win on this square, the fascist eagle won
nesting on the churches
a fake eagle, of course, too rigid to be authentic

alright tell me the non-address of their batcave
where i can dance with them and enjoy technologies of fun
there must be a place around where people have fun together, right?
the few artists i've met are brave and beautiful
but i feel a bit lonely and a bit lost

yet we won in some sense
africa, india and arabia share our poverty
we are all more spiritual and less catholic
and the monsters of capitalism hide in their expensive caves
paying an high bill every month in order to forget what is freedom

look at our common spaces, they are all empty for us!
we could take a free day, put some music on and dance
in our rooms, in our streets, alone or with strangers
ignoring the sex, forgetting our obsessions just for a while
without pictures on facebook and without capitalising contacts

so folks, where did you hid them? i've been here a week i'm looking
forward to relax a bit! :)
